hey jimmy it's jimmy i saw your
pizza making video on instagram and it
was very cute
you're very cute i uh heard you describe
the pizza that you made as the best
pizza
ever and i'm i didn't have it but i'm
going to disagree with that because
there are a few mistakes you may now i
know stanley tucci
as well he's a friend of mine and you my
friend or no stanley tucci so let me
show you how to make
a pizza okay here we go
[Music]
all right you know what this is it's
dough now
i saw you using a rolling pin on the
dough which is
outrageous that's the first mistake real
pizza
does not get rolled with a pin because
it takes all the air out of the pizza
real pizza you stretch you see
you stretch let me show you how you do
it
[Music]
okay so there's the dough stretched out
we did not use a rolling pin
we did the old-fashioned way throw it on
the peel
next you mentioned tomatoes and this
whole thing about san marzano
complete nonsense these are the best
tomatoes you can buy in the united
states of america
they're called bianco dinapoli check it
new york times agrees
best tomatoes possible now what i do is
i stick my hand in the can
like a man and i squeeze these tomatoes
i squeeze them until i can feel it down
here you know what i'm saying
ew all right now we're gonna put we're
gonna be very sparing with the amount of
tomato that we put
on this and and you know what it's all
about balance as my friend chris bianco
says it is all about
balance there we go okay
this sauce is not cooked at all it's
just tomatoes it's not even sauce really
it's just tomatoes
got a little bit of basil in there all
right now
pecorino schmackarino i take some
parmesan
cheese which is the one god uses in
heaven
i put that on my pizza and then
mozzarella fresh nice joya here in l.a
it's the best kind and i'm sparing with
this too
not too much don't want to hear anything
about extra cheese
you order extra cheese you're an animal
go eat a domino's
okay
and next we will add
a little bit of olive oil
that's right
all right it's ready to go in the oven
nice right
by the way that little waffle maker you
made your pizza with that was adorable
but this is a pizza oven this is where
you make pizza
[Music]
isn't that beautiful yeah
don't do this in your kitchen
[Music]
you don't have to have a professional
pizza but a pizza stone or pizza steel
almost as good
oh yeah we're almost ready
[Music]
all right let's see what we have
okay now that that is what
pizza is supposed to look like i'm going
to tear up a little bit of
basil make sure we have a little on
every
piece
a little more olive oil
and sometimes i'll even go crazy put a
little more parmesan on the top
take a look get real close in there okay
let's cut it up see how it looks
nice right nice nice let's take a look
at the bottom here
see what it looks like that's what the
bottom looks like and this is what it
looks like going into my mouth
so much better than yours so much better
i mean not that i taste yours but i just
know
okay anyway that's how you make pizza
you're welcome
um remember it's not play-doh it's pizza
dough you don't roll it out
and um enjoy hi nancy
don't talk to the enemy these are late
night wars now wow that was molly hi
[Music]
[Applause]
nancy
[Music]
you